[Terraform]  Editing data-sources/ec_stack.md (#175)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: docs/data-sources/ec_stack.md

```

## Argument Reference

* `version_regex` (Required) - Regex to filter the available stacks. Can be any valid regex expression, when multiple stacks are matched through a regex, the latest version is returned. `"latest"` is also accepted to obtain the latest available stack version.
* `region` (Required) - Region where the stack pack is. For Elastic Cloud Enterprise (ECE) installations, use `"ece-region`.
* `lock` (Optional) - Lock the `"latest"` `version_regex` obtained, so that the new stack release doesn't cascade the changes down to the deployments. It can be changed at any time.

## Attributes Reference

~> **NOTE:** Depending on the stack version, some values may not be set. These will not be available for interpolation.

* `version` - The stack version.

> * `accessible` - To have this version accessible/not accessible by the calling user. This is only relevant for Elastic Cloud ESS, not for ECE.

Reviewer: In other parts of the documentation we refer to it as "Elasticsearch Service", should we keep it here as well? Or should we change the other ones?

```suggestion
* `accessible` - To have this version accessible/not accessible by the calling user. This is only relevant for Elasticsearch Service (ESS), not for ECE.
```

* `min_upgradable_from` - The minimum stack version recommended.
* `upgradable_to` - The stack version you can upgrade to.

> * `allowlisted` - To include/not include this version in the `allowlist`. This is only relevant for Elastic Cloud ESS, not for ECE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `allowlisted` - To include/not include this version in the `allowlist`. This is only relevant for Elasticsearch Service (ESS), not for ECE.
```
